For this problem, first,
we will have to think about knapsack data producers.
We have site, app, connected device,
ERP, CRM, relational DB, and data lake.
We have structured data from site and app,
we have structured event data from connected knapsacks,
a relational database, our ERP, and our CRM.
Our site is communicating to our servers through JSONs and XML, that is semi-structured.
We also have some semi-structured data stored in our data lakes.
Our data scientists are working on a model to do
sentiment analysis on e-mails and by customers that are stored in data lakes.
We have customer reviews for our products,
we have videos and images shared by customers.
We also store or mentions of our product on
social media platform and blogs of lifestyle bloggers,
that talk about our product or competed this product.
All this stored in our data lake.
All these will also be unstructured data.